README.md, before:

# Image Gallery App Documentation

This documentation provides an overview of an image gallery app built with Next.js, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, SCSS, and the DND-Kit library. The app allows users to upload, organize, and view images in a responsive and interactive gallery.

![Screenshots](https://i.ibb.co/DMb3qyP/Screenshot-from-2023-11-05-11-54-21.png)

## Table of content

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
3. [Tech Stack](#techstack)
4. [Features](#features)
5. [Installation](#installation)
6. [Structure](#structure)

## Introduction

Welcome to our project! This README provides an overview of what our project is all about. It's a great starting point to understand the purpose and goals of our work. The Image Gallery App is a web application designed to showcase and manage images efficiently. It is built with modern web technologies, including Next.js for server-side rendering, TypeScript for type safety, Tailwind CSS for styling, SCSS for advanced styling customization, and the DND-Kit library for drag-and-drop interactions.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

```bash
-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v14 or later)
-   [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
```

## TechStack

```bash
**Client:** React, Next Js, TailwindCSS, ShadCN UI, Uploadthing, Context API & SCSS.
**Server:** Node, Prisma & PostgreSQL.
```

## Features

-   **Image Upload:** Users can upload images from their local storage.
-   **Image Organization:** Images can be organized by sorting.
-   **Drag-and-Drop:** Utilizes DND-Kit for drag-and-drop functionality.
-   **Responsive Design:** The app is designed to work on desktop and mobile devices.
-   **Server:** These data comming from server user store images permanently here use `Supabse` for storage provider.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/image-gallery-app.git

    ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

    ```bash
    cd image-gallery-app

    ```

3. **Install the project dependencies:**

    ```bash
     npm install
     # or
     yarn
    ```

## Structure

```bash
.
├── image-gallery           # Root folder for image gallery
│   ├── app/                # Routes and Providers for app
│   ├── components/         # All components have their own
│       ├── dnd-kit/        # DND-KIT components (which are taken form dnd-kit)
│       ├── image-gallery/  # Image Gallery components
│       ├── ui/             # UI Related components generated with shadcn ui.
│   ├── lib/                # Additional healper functions.
└── ...
```

## Acknowledgements

-   [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs)
-   [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs)
-   [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
-   [DND-Kit](https://docs.dndkit.com/)

Commit message:

[README] PREPARED README.MD FILE

README.md, after:

# Image Gallery App Documentation

This documentation provides an overview of an image gallery app built with Next.js, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, SCSS, and the DND-Kit library. The app allows users to upload, organize, and view images in a responsive and interactive gallery.

![Screenshots](https://i.ibb.co/DMb3qyP/Screenshot-from-2023-11-05-11-54-21.png)

## Table of content

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
3. [Tech Stack](#techstack)
4. [Features](#features)
5. [Installation](#installation)
6. [Structure](#structure)

## Introduction

Welcome to our project! This README provides an overview of what our project is all about. It's a great starting point to understand the purpose and goals of our work. The Image Gallery App is a web application designed to showcase and manage images efficiently. It is built with modern web technologies, including Next.js for server-side rendering, TypeScript for type safety, Tailwind CSS for styling, SCSS for advanced styling customization, and the DND-Kit library for drag-and-drop interactions.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v14 or later)
-   [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

## TechStack

**Client:** React, Next Js, TailwindCSS, ShadCN UI, Uploadthing, Context API & SCSS.
**Server:** Node, Prisma & PostgreSQL.

## Features

-   **Image Upload:** Users can upload images from their local storage.
-   **Image Organization:** Images can be organized by sorting.
-   **Drag-and-Drop:** Utilizes DND-Kit for drag-and-drop functionality.
-   **Responsive Design:** The app is designed to work on desktop and mobile devices.
-   **Server:** These data comming from server user store images permanently here use `Supabse` for storage provider.

## Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/image-gallery-app.git

    ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

    ```bash
    cd image-gallery-app

    ```

3. **Install the project dependencies:**

    ```bash
     npm install
     # or
     yarn
    ```

## Structure

```bash
.
├── image-gallery           # Root folder for image gallery
│   ├── app/                # Routes and Providers for app
│   ├── components/         # All components have their own
│       ├── dnd-kit/        # DND-KIT components (which are taken form dnd-kit)
│       ├── image-gallery/  # Image Gallery components
│       ├── ui/             # UI Related components generated with shadcn ui.
│   ├── lib/                # Additional healper functions.
└── ...
```

## Environment Variables

To run this project, you will need to add the following environment variables to your .env file

`DATABASE_URL`

`UPLOADTHING_SECRET`

`UPLOADTHING_APP_ID`

### Notes

`All crutial information has shown on the .env file.`

## Acknowledgements

-   [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs)
-   [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs)
-   [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs)
-   [DND-Kit](https://docs.dndkit.com/)

## Contact

If you have any questions or need assistance, please don't hesitate to contact us at [dev.abormon28@gmail.com].

Happy image gallery management!
